A Description of the Lab 0 

First of all, I installed the OS Linux distribution Ubuntu as a dual boot. To begin with, we create a new empty partition of 50GB. We need to restart our PC to access the boot menu and then select the Ubuntu installation drive and select the option to install it. Following the steps until we have to select the installation type, we select the option "something else". After that, we observe a list of partitions and select the free space one and create a new partition with size of 40GB. We have to create another partition that will be the swap area with 4GB at the section device for boot loader installation. We select the option Windows Boot Manager and install it. Then we follow the basic steps to install Ubuntu and the last step is to install the updates.

For the second task, I had to install the essential tools, so I installed zsh, oh-my-zsh, git, the gcc compiler, and Visual Studio code editor. All the tools I have installed using the terminal and command lines follow the steps shown in the tutorials. Moreover, you can see all the commands used in the screenshots taken.
 
For the last task, I created a git repository with the command git init and created a c file where I wrote the code for a mini program that prints "Hello World!". We had to compile it with the GCC compiler and Make. Therefore, I have learnt that GCC is a compiler, but make is a built tool much more efficient for larger projects. Also I have understood how it should be implemented. 
However, I added the files to git and used the command "git commit -m" to commit them. The next step was to connect to the local repository using the following command: git remote add origin [repository url]. Then I pushed them to my remote repository using the command lines from the shell:git push -u origin master. I also had to connect to my account and in order to do this I had to generate a token for the github account.
